Hmph, you're done, sheriff, here
Who is dying?
He actually dared to pretend to be Lord Sword Master. It was him
You pretend to be the sword lord
Adults do not
My son is stressed out at work and forced to get married
So all kinds of pressure made him talk nonsense
Please forgive him this time
Are you kidding me?
Pretending to be Lord Sword Master can still forgive
The boy was taught by the teacher
Why impersonate the sword lord?
I've said it many times
I am the sword lord
I don't want to say more
Look at your virtue
It looks like a Ming palace at first glance
You also dare to impersonate the sword lord and my people
He's just a street vendor selling fried noodles.
You see, those are his lowest Gu Yong
It's hateful
A mere small vendor dares to impersonate Sword Lord
Come and catch
I see who dares to move
Who are you? What do you want?
I am Shi Xuanfeng, the Jiulong Temple Master under Sword Master
Hahahaha, are you still pretending to be a group?
Say something else, just say Xuanfeng Zun is at least 50 years old
High ranking
And you don't look early enough to pretend
Now I can be sure
They're all impostors.
Hmph old man
Governor, why are you here?